Add `particlewise` keyword to `particle_collections.is_category` (#2648)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2648.feature.rst

Reviewer: Since this is technically a breaking change, perhaps we could rename the file to `2648.breaking.rst`?

Author: Will do.

> Added a new keyword ``particlewise`` to the function `~plasmapy.particles.particle_collections.ParticleList.is_category`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new keyword ``particlewise`` to the method `~plasmapy.particles.particle_collections.ParticleList.is_category` of |ParticleList|,
```
🔧📚 Slight terminology change to reflect that this is a method attached to a class rather than a standalone function.

It'll also be helpful to explicitly state `ParticleList` here for context, since the `~` causes the namespace to be hidden in the rendered documentation so `ParticleList` itself won't appear in the changelog otherwise.
